{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Brock West\
7JUL15\
SDI\
Problem Solving\
\
\
Cat Parrot and Bag of Seed\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1) Define the problem- \
\
a) Do this in your own words. - Moving the parrot, cat, bag of seed and yourself to the other side of the river bank while not leaving the certain issues together that would harm the outcome of you all being on the other side of the river bank.\
\
b) What insight can you offer into the problem that is not immediately visible from the word problem alone? \
That the boat has a piece of rope or string that I could use to tie the seed to the cat\
\
c) What is the overall goal?  To move me, the cat, the parrot, the bag of seed to the other side of the river bank\
\
 2) Break the problem apart\
\
a) What are the constraints? The Cat and Parrot can\'92t be left alone and the Parrot and the seed can\'92t be left alone and you can only bring one on the boat with you.\
\
 b) What are the sub-goals? To make sure that the cat, parrot, or seed doesn\'92t gets harmed\
\
3) Identify potential solutions\
\
a) For each of the sub-problems you\'92ve discussed in #2, what is a possible solution? \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The man would board the boat with the parrot than the he will drop the parrot off come back and get the cat drop the cat off and bring the parrot back bring the seed and leave it with the cat than go back and get the parrot
\f0 \

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
4) Evaluate each potential solution\
\
 a) Does each solution meet the goals? Yes it gets the man, cat, parrot, and seed to the other side without them being harmed.\
\
b) Will each solution work for ALL cases? Yes.\
5) Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it. \
\
a) Explain the solution in full. I board the boat with the parrot and than drop it off and get the seed than drop the seed off and bring the parrot back to the other side than get the cat and drop the cat with the seed and go back to get the parrot\
\
b) Describe some test cases you tried out to make sure it works. (You can include drawings and diagrams as part of your explanation as long as they are clearly communicating the solution).  I made sure that cat and the seed were good together while I made sure the boat had enough gas to make multiple trips\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Socks in the drawer\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1) Define the problem \
\
a) Do this in your own words. There are 20 socks in a drawer and 5 of the pairs are black and 3 are brown 2 are white and you need to know how many times it will take you to open the draw and pull out a sock to get a pair and a pair of every color.\
\
b) What insight can you offer into the problem that is not immediately visible from the word problem alone? \
You have to turn the light to see the color of socks\
\
c) What is the overall goal?\
To get a matching pair than get a  matching pair of every color\
\
 2) Break the problem apart\
\
a) What are the constraints?  Its dark\
\
b) What are the sub-goals?  To pull the right amount of socks to get a matching pair\
\
3) Identify potential solutions\
 a) For each of the sub-problems you\'92ve discussed in #2, what is a possible solution? To pull 4 socks because there is only 3 colors than pull all 20 socks and your going to get a match from all possible colors\
\
4) Evaluate each potential solution \
\
a) Does each solution meet the goals? Yes\
\
b) Will each solution work for ALL cases? Yes\
\
5) Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it.\
\
 a) Explain the solution in full. when you open the drawer grab 4 socks turn on the light you should have 1 matching pair. When you open the drawer pull out all 16 socks and you will have a matching of every color.\
\
 b) Describe some test cases you tried out to make sure it works. (You can include drawings and diagrams as part of your explanation as long as they are clearly communicating the solution). \
\
I tried to pull out 1 sock than 2 socks than 3 socks than 4 socks and I finally got a matching pair, than 5 socks than 6 socks than 7 socks than 8 socks than 9 socks than 10 socks than 11 socks than 12 socks than 13 socks than 14 socks than 15 socks than 16 I got them all to match.\
\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Predicting Fingers\

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1) Define the problem \
a) Do this in your own words.\
 I need to know what finger the little girl left off at when she counts to 10, 100, 1000\
\
b) What insight can you offer into the problem that is not immediately visible from the word problem alone? \
she only uses one hand while she counts.\
\
c) What is the overall goal? \
To find out what finger she left off on when she reaches 10, 100, 1000\
\
2) Break the problem apart\
\
a) What are the constraints? \
Counting out to numbers in her exact pattern to know what finger she left off on.\
 \
b) What are the sub-goals?  To follow her pattern of counting.\
\
3) Identify potential solutions \
\
a) For each of the sub-problems you\'92ve discussed in #2, what is a possible solution? \
Follow her method of counting\
\
 4) Evaluate each potential solution \
\
a) Does each solution meet the goals? Yes.\
\
b) Will each solution work for ALL cases? Yes.\
 \
5) Choose a solution and develop a plan to implement it. \
\
a) Explain the solution in full.  Following her method of counting you will land on \
A. 10-First Finger\
B.100-Ring Finger\
C. 1000-First Finger\
\
b) Describe some test cases you tried out to make sure it works. (You can include drawings and diagrams as part of your explanation as long as they are clearly communicating the solution). I put my hand on the table and counted out the numbers}